This PR adds initial improvements that allows developer easier to start (#3)
che-incubator/che-workspace-crd-operator: README.md

# che-workspace-crd-operator

## Development

### Dependencies

Dependencies in the project are managed by Go Dep. After you added a dependency you need to run the following command to download dependencies to vendor repo and lock file and then commit changes:

```
dep ensure
```

Note that dep ensure doesn't automatically change Gopkg.toml which contains dependencies constraints. So, when a dependency is introduced or changed it should be reflected in Gopkg.toml.

### Build docker image

> Since it uses Go Dep, you need operator-sdk 0.12.0 where Go Modules is not a default vendor.

Author: thanks, fixed

# che-workspace-crd-operator

## Development

### Dependencies

Dependencies in the project are managed by Go Dep. After you added a dependency you need to run the following command to download dependencies to vendor repo and lock file and then commit changes:

```
dep ensure
```

Note that dep ensure doesn't automatically change Gopkg.toml which contains dependencies constraints. So, when a dependency is introduced or changed it should be reflected in Gopkg.toml.

### Build docker image

> Since it uses Go Dep, you need operator-sdk 0.10.0 where Go Modules is not a default vendor.

Reviewer: You mean version "0.10.0 or later" or that versions other than 0.10.0 won't work? In either case you should be more specific. And I guess that golang version is important here as well.

Reviewer 2: In fact it should *not* be 0.12.0 since the support for `dep` was removed in favor of go modules.
And it was started / implemented with the `0.10.0` version. But maybe using the `0.11.0` can work.
This is why recommending using the `0.10.0` was chosen.

Author: Rephrased as `you need exact operator-sdk 0.10.0 version`

I believe a bit later we will move to modules and will be able to change it to `0.12.0 or later` and for time being it's OK.

To build docker image run the following command in the project's root

```
operator-sdk build quay.io/che-incubator/che-workspace-crd-controller:7.1.0
```

### Run controller within K8s/OS cluster
1. `kubectl apply -f ./deploy/crds`
2. `kubectl create namespace devworkspace-controller`

> 3. For K8s cluster you must to make sure that right domain is set in `./deploy/controller_config.yaml` and `./deploy/registry/local/ingress.yaml`

Reviewer: Why are you specifying "For K8s cluster" here? This section is about K8s/OS, if this step is for K8s only (not OS) that's ok to be explicit but I think that's for both so I would only mention "Make sure that the right domain is set in....".

Reviewer 2: For the OpenShift case we don't need to provide this information. It is retrieved automatically at start of the controller.

Author: Good catch. Actually, I did not try to run it on OpenShift cluster, maybe Route instead of Ingress is needed. For time being I've renamed section to `Run controller within K8s cluster` and then it's needed to test and fill in instructions for OpenShift Cluster

4. `kubectl apply -f ./deploy/registry/local`

> 5. You may want to modify ./deploy/operator.yaml and put your docker image and pull policy there. Then do: `kubectl apply -f ./deploy`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. [optional] Modify ./deploy/operator.yaml and put your docker image and pull policy. 
6. `kubectl apply -f ./deploy`
```

### Run controller locally
1. `kubectl apply -f ./deploy/crds`
2. Make sure right ingress domain is set in `./deploy/registry/local/ingress.yaml` and execute `kubectl apply -f ./deploy/registry/local`
3. `operator-sdk up local --namespace <your namespace>`

### Test run controller

1. Take a look samples workspace configuration in `.samples` folder.
2. Apply any of them by executing `kubectl apply -f ./samples/workspace_java_mysql.yaml -n crd-poc`

> 3. As soon as workspace is stared you're able to get IDE url by executing `kubectl get workspace -n <namespace>`

Reviewer: You call the namespace `crd-poc` above and then `<namespace>` here.

Author: Good catch. Now `-n <namespace>`  is used above as well.

```
dep ensure
```

Note that dep ensure doesn't automatically change Gopkg.toml which contains dependencies constraints. So, when a dependency is introduced or changed it should be reflected in Gopkg.toml.

### Build docker image

Since it uses Go Dep, you need exact operator-sdk 0.10.0 version where Go Modules is not a default vendor.

To build docker image run the following command in the project's root

```
operator-sdk build quay.io/che-incubator/che-workspace-crd-controller:7.1.0
```

### Run controller within K8s cluster
1. `kubectl apply -f ./deploy/crds`
2. `kubectl create namespace devworkspace-controller`
3. Make sure that the right domain is set in `./deploy/controller_config.yaml` and `./deploy/registry/local/ingress.yaml`
4. `kubectl apply -f ./deploy/registry/local`
5. [Optional] Modify ./deploy/operator.yaml and put your docker image and pull policy there.
6. `kubectl apply -f ./deploy`

### Run controller locally
1. `kubectl apply -f ./deploy/crds`
2. Make sure right ingress domain is set in `./deploy/registry/local/ingress.yaml` and execute `kubectl apply -f ./deploy/registry/local`
3. `operator-sdk up local --namespace <your namespace>`

### Test run controller

> 1. Take a look samples workspace configuration in `.samples` folder.

Reviewer 3: Typo: `./samples`

2. Apply any of them by executing `kubectl apply -f ./samples/workspace_java_mysql.yaml -n <namespace>`

> 3. As soon as workspace is stared you're able to get IDE url by executing `kubectl get workspace -n <namespace>`

Reviewer 3: Typo: star**t**ed
